<h3>View the Twitter feeds of famous startup investors and entrepreneurs</h3>
<br>
<div class="text-center">
  <%=link_to "Check it out", pages_viewlist_path, class: "btn btn-primary btn-lg"%>
</div>

<h3>Why?</h3>

<p>I've always been fascinated by discrepancies of information. The diffrent classes of information we find ourselves plugged into, and how that affects our thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.</p>

<p>When I lived in Ukraine and spoke with the older generation there, I was shocked to learn that many of them revered Stalin and Lenin as those born and raised in the United States would revere George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. This was a major shock to my system to someone for whom Stalin and Lenin were mostly grouped with Hitler and Mussolini in the hostiry books() and one of the reasons I went on to start <a href="https://grasswire.com">Grasswire</a>).</p>

<p>One of the main places I get information today is Twitter. So I wanted to see what Twitter looks like through the eyes of some of the most famous investors and entrepreneurs. I created a list of the people they follow, and find the results fascinating. Using Twitter's API it wasn't difficult to create a site to give everyone a glance without forcing them to go through all the same legwork that I did.</p>

<p>The difficult part was coming up with a list of who to include. I tried looking for a good list, but in the end I just added whoever came to mind. You'll notice obvious groupings (for example, A16Z). That's probably a result of my train of thought; they're not necessarily ranked in order of perceived value.</p>

<h3>How?</h3>

The entire site is just Twitter widgets generated from lists.

The lists were generated by scraping everyone followed by the entrepreneur/investor.

The result is that you can see exactly what their feed is.